When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When you want to collaborate with other people on the same project, or when you have a project live on a remote server.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because there's the possibility that you don't want to integrate in your local repository the changes made by someone else on the remote repository, or you just want to keep the two repositories separated until you decide when it's time to update the local one.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

    Branches are local copies of a repositories, using git branch you can create two different local repositories. git clone allows you to make a copy of a remote repository on your local machine. A fork makes a remote copy of a remote repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    If someone makes changes on the remote repository that create conflict with your local changes, you can fetch the remote version, solve the conflicts and merge it with your local version, then push the merged version.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Without git or github you'd have to contact or meet the other person and discuss the changes, this it would be easier to understand what changes the other person intended to make, but using git and github you can immediately view the changes made by the other person, without having to contact or meet each other.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

	Sometimes when you are collaborating with other people you don't want to change the master branch directly, but use a different branch to test changes and see if everybody agrees on them. However, working directly on the master branch it's easier because it doesn't require the merges of different branches.    
